Everyone, eat and drink well.
Ouch, Lord Song
Congratulations!
This champion banquet
That's the prince's world
I personally ordered someone to hold it for you
I can't wait
Here's to you
Thank you. Thank you.
Lord Song, please take care of me in the future.
Hey, everyone helped each other, hahahaha.
Son, mother is not dreaming, right?
These celebrities in Beijing
They didn't even look at us before
I'm so attentive to you now
Hey it's nothing
With this royal decree
This future monstrous power and wealth
It's not all in my hands
Hahahaha
The enemy of Dingguo Kung Fu is unwilling to say
Hey
Oh, this time Lord Song can remember you Zhuang Yuanlang
Thanks to the help of offensive kung fu
Lord Song is really a great blessing
That is the hands of the Murong family with 43 merits in the capital
Only the real royal family and the prince
Murong girl
Aunt Song
Grandpa is so beautiful today
I heard that his elder brother Murong Daxiao Murong Xuance
Joined the legendary Dragon Temple two years ago
Became one of the gods of war under the dragon girl
Auntie is feeling well recently
Let Murong girl hang immortal hahahaha
His Royal Highness the Prince said
Come to the prince's hall
God, His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is here in person